Update README file (#326)
safe-global/safe-docs: README.md

> # Safe Documentation

Author: Note: This image is not visible in light mode. Removing it for now.

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/safe-global/safe-docs)](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-docs/blob/main/LICENSE.md)
![GitHub package.json version (branch)](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/safe-global/safe-docs)

This repository hosts [Safe](https://safe.global) documentation.

> The project is built using [Nextra](https://nextra.site) framework and it can be found live at [docs.safe.global](https://docs.safe.global).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation is built with [Nextra](https://nextra.site/) and is live at [docs.safe.global](https://docs.safe.global/).
```

## Installation

> Install the project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the dependencies using [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/):
```

```
pnpm install
```

## Development

Git hooks are set up to run tests and linting checks before every `git push`. These hooks can be executed locally by running the following command:

```
pnpm prepush
```

All links in the documentation are checked for validity on every pull request. These checks can be executed locally by running the following command:

```
pnpm linkcheck
```

## Execution

The project can be run with a server that's executed in development and production mode.

### Development mode

> Run the server in development mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the server in development mode using the following command:
```

```
pnpm dev
```

### Production mode

Build the project:

```
pnpm build
```

> Run de server in production mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the server in production mode using the following command:
```

```
pnpm start
```

## Testing

> Create an environment file in the root of the project and copy the content from the `.env.example` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an environment file in the root of the project and copy the content from the `.env.example` file using the following command:
```

```

> touch .env

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cp .env.example .env
```

```

> ```

Reviewer: The following code snippet can go and instead we can add a note reminding them to update the environment variables.

> ```
> NEXT_PUBLIC_HOST_URL='http://localhost:3000'
> NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_TRACKING_ID=
> NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_DOMAIN=
> ```

Author: ```suggestion
Remember to update the environment variables once the `.env` file is created.
```

> Run the tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the tests using the following command:
```
